#Description

A [Lucky Number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucky_number) is a natural number in a set which is generated by a certain "sieve". This sieve is similar to the Sieve of Eratosthenes that generates the primes, but it eliminates numbers based on their position in the remaining set, instead of their value (or position in the initial set of natural numbers).

The set of lucky numbers can be obtained by:-

 
Begin with a list of integers starting with 1:

>1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25

Starting with 1, remove every other element (i.e. every even number) from this set. We are left with:

> 1 3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25

After 1, the next number in the set is **3**. So, remove every **3**rd number. Clearly, 5 is removed because it's the third number in the above set. Go on and keep removing every 3rd number.

Your new set is:

> 1 3 7 9 13 15 19 21 25...

Here, the next remaining number you have after 3 is **7**. Now, at this point, it's obvious that there's no way 1 and 3 are ever getting eliminated. Thus, we can conclude that 1 and 3 are lucky numbers. 

Now remove every **7**th number. Clearly, 19 would be the first to be wiped out. 

You're left with: 
 
> 1 3 7 9 13 15 21 25 ...

Now it's time to proceed to the next remaining number after 7, i.e., **9**. Remove every **9**th number. Note that at this point, 7 cannot be eliminated. 7 is a lucky number too. 

Keep proceeding in a similar fashion in order to get a list of lucky numbers.

Numbers remaining after this procedure has been carried out completely are called lucky numbers. The first few are
 
> 1, 3, 7, 9, 13, 15, 21, 25, 31, 33, 37, ...

Today's challenge is to find the nearest lucky number. This might remind you of [Challenge #326](https://redd.it/6s70oh). In fact, this has been inspired from it. Bruteforcing is the most obvious option, but it's certainly not the most efficient.

#Input Description

The input will be a positive integer.

#Output Description 

The output will be

> previous lucky number < n < next lucky number

where *n* is your input.

If  *n* is a lucky number, then display
> n is a lucky number.

#Challenge Input

> 103

> 225

> 997

#Challenge Output

> 99 < 103 < 105

> 223 < 225 < 231

> 997 is a lucky number

#Bonus 

Find every lucky number all the way up to ~~5000~~10,000,000 and post your the time it took to run. This is so that you can compete amongst everyone else to see who has the most efficient one.

-----

If you have any cool challenges, feel free to submit it to /r/dailyprogrammer_ideas!

Edit: /u/nuri0 and /u/mattieshoes pointed out some errors. Corrected the post. 

Edit: Limit for bonus increased because it was becoming difficult to measure the time taken. 